Psalm 84 to the chief musician on an
instrument of gas a psalm of the sons of
korah
how lovely is your Tabernacle old Lord
of Hosts my soul longs yes even faints
for the courts of the Lord my heart and
my flesh cry out for the Living God even
the sparrow has found a home and the
swallow a nest for herself or she may
lay her young even your altars Oh Lord
of Hosts my king and my god
blessed are those who dwell in your
house they will still be praising you
blessed is the man whose strength is in
you whose heart is set on pilgrimage as
they passed through the valley of Baker
they make it a spring the rain also
covers it with pools they go from
strength to strength each one appears
before God in Zion all Lord God of hosts
hear my prayer give ear o God of Jacob
o God behold our shield and look upon
the face of your anointed for a day in
your courts is better than a thousand I
would rather be a doorkeeper in the
house of my god
and dwell in the tents of wickedness for
the Lord God is a Sun and shield the
Lord will give grace and glory no good
thing will he withhold from those who
walk uprightly all Lord of Hosts blessed
is the man who trusts in you
[Music]